# Graph_learning
This repository contains some graph learning algorithms with the help of LSTMs and GRUs. The codes runs really fast provided a capable GPU is present. The results were quite surprising for some datasets like BlogCatalog, HomoSapiens, Youtube etc. And I hope, this hold true for almost all dense unweighted undirected graphs. The results deviate somehow for sparse graphs.

# Required environment and set-up info:
 1. Install Anaconda (Python2) package.
 2. Run 'conda install keras-gpu' (tensorflow based).
 CuDNN versions of the codes can only be run if a GPU is present and they run even faster than their non-CuDNN counterparts.

# Instructions for getting node embeddings from the given iPython notebooks namely, node_emb.ipynb, node_emb_GRU.ipynb
Download the 'node_emb.ipynb' and follow the steps as mentioned.
1. Generate a walk sequence of the graph using any algorithm for your choice like nod2vec.
2. Save the walk sequence as 'seqs.mat' file, where a numpy matrix called 'seqs' should contain the walk sequences generated by the algorithm. For example, matrix should be in order of m x n, where n is the walk length for each node.
3. The above mentioned file should present in the same directory where this notebook is kept.
4. Simply run this notebook completely and the emb will be saved in the working directory as 'node_emb.npy'.
5. To fine-tune the model, you can tweak the epochs, batch_size etc in the code mentioned in the 'training' cell, i.e., the 4th cell from the beginning.

The above generated embedding can be used for various applications like classification, unsupervised predictions as well.
The same instructions goes for GRUs as well. The file for GRU based model is named as 'node_emb_GRU'.
